hi mystery recap here today i'm going to explain
the mystery thriller film called julia's eyes
spoilers ahead watch out and take care
the movie starts when we see a blind woman
named sarah talking to an invisible presence
the presence has been tormenting her for days
it plays songs and follows her around the house
sarah cannot take more of this so she
goes to the basement to hang herself
just then she feels the presence near her she
changes her mind but before she can remove the
news someone kicks the tool away a person from a
corner clicks a picture of her hanging to death
a set of hospital tools lies on a table nearby
sarah's twin sister julia lives miles away from
her as sarah hangs to death julia collapses she
senses something wrong and decides to visit sarah
julia and her husband isaac come looking for sarah
and find her dead in the basement sarah and julia
both have the same kind of disease that made their
vision progressively worse eventually making them
blind but sarah's vision had gotten bad before
julius at home the police officer suggests
declaring it a case of suicide he suspects sarah
got depressed with her blindness so she committed
suicide however julia insists it is not as sarah
was waiting for a donor to get her vision back
she believes this is not a case of suicide but
that of murder he then informs her of a blind lady
named soledad who sarah used to talk to julia
visits soledad and gets to know about a place
named bauman center a place for handicapped people
she tells her that sarah had made new friends
there julia visits the place when she goes there
she hears a group of blind women gossiping about
sarah sarah had a boyfriend who she went with to
a hotel in bella vista the women noticed julia's
presence and confront her when she introduces
herself they ask who the man she came with is
julia is surprised because she had come alone but
the women sent someone standing right behind her
julia sees someone walk out she chases the person
and reaches a small dark room the person is right
in front of her but she cannot see him due to the
darkness he flashes his camera which distracts
julia and he escapes her eyesight goes weak isaac
wants her to go back home because any more stress
will cause julia to lose her vision but she
convinces him to go to bella vista for a holiday
in reality she wants to find out sarah's boyfriend
whom the blind women had been talking about
as they arrive in bella vista she chooses the
hotel in which sarah stayed with her boyfriend
in the hotel she cannot find any record of sarah's
boyfriend later at lunch a waitress tells her that
her twin sarah already had her eye operation so
she is confused as to why sarah committed suicide
as she already had the operation then isaac
reveals that sarah's doctor told him that her eye
operation was not successful according to him this
is the reason sarah committed suicide as julia is
about to leave the hotel a janitor named crespilo
says that he found something in sarah's hotel room
he guides her to sarah's room and gives her a key
that belonged to sarah crespilo also tells her
to be careful of the man in the dark just then
julia senses someone behind her the person runs
away before she can catch him julia and isaac
then go to get surveillance camera footage to
identify the person sarah was with isaac goes
in to get the footage but never comes back
when julia goes into check isaac is not there
all the footages are gone too she reports to
the police about isaac's disappearance and tells
them about the invisible man just then we see
crestfulo bathing in a tub someone cuts off the
light bulb over him it electrocutes him to death
the police and julia come looking for crespulo
and find him dead julia is now sure that the
invisible man has killed crespilo and kidnapped
her husband worried about isaac she gets a seizure
that further weakens her eyesight she goes
to see her doctor who tells her that she has
less than a month before she goes fully blind
he arranges and i transplant surgery for her
later that day she goes back to soledad's house
soledad had a husband and a son named angel
her husband left her and angel had looked after
her for ten years before suddenly leaving one day
shortly the police find isaac's last location to
be a motel they also find his wedding ring in the
room he stayed in as the inspector and julia are
in the motel talking another officer comes saying
that someone is at julia's home the two of them
return back inspector goes to check into a room
when julia hears a noise from the basement she
goes down to check but because of her eyesight and
the room's darkness she doesn't see anything she
feels around the room and suddenly touches a man
scared she starts to yell for help the
inspector comes down and tries to calm
her suddenly the lights come back isaac's body
hangs from the ceiling he has committed suicide
but even when the lights are on julia can't see
she has gone fully blind the following day at
the hospital the inspector tells julia about
isaac's suicide letter he had an affair with
sarah for six months before her death he killed
himself because he couldn't lie to julia anymore
a few days later julia goes through a surgery she
has to live with the bandage around her eyes for
a week only after that will we know if the surgery
has been successful during this time she will stay
under supervision in her twins house the hospital
provides julia with a caretaker named ivan to help
her around the house he gives her a device to hang
around her neck so that she can call him any time
she wants that night julia gets a nightmare about
isaac and sarah trying to get her bandage off
she wakes up terrified then she hears footsteps
from outside she calls ivan through the device he
tells her to get out of the house she escapes just
then someone takes the key crespillo had given her
the police come in the following day but
they do not find any evidence of invasion
ivan lovingly changes julia's bandage for the next
few days he takes great care of her changing her
bandages cooking for her listening to music with
her and whatnot but throughout all those times we
never get to see ivan's face on the third day
julia asks him to stay for drinks they have a
conversation about isaac after which she kisses
him that night julia is woken up by a nightmare as
she reaches for her wedding ring on the side table
we see a set of hospital tools similar to one from
the night of sarah's death someone from behind her
tries to inject her with a drug this wakes her up
and she finally touches the man terrified she runs
out of the house to her neighbor blasco's home
his daughter leah is home too he lets
her inside but starts to harass julia
shortly she is surprised to find sarah's
key in his house she takes it with her
she escapes from his house and hides in a corner
calling ivan for help finally ivan comes to save
her she is too scared to go into her own house so
he takes her to his there she tells him that she
found sarah's key at mr blasco's home she
suspects that blasco is the invisible man
ivan leaves for some time when leah approaches
julia she has followed them here and snuck into
the house through the windows leah tells julia
that she was the one who stole the key from
her house and that she knows who killed sarah
and isaac it is the invisible man ivan himself
leah reveals that she used to be close to
sarah and knows a lot about the invisible man
julia doesn't believe it but leah insists that
the key unlocks one of the locks in ivan's house
ivan has been drugging julia to make her go
blind as he did with sarah leah tells julia
to go to the bathroom and stay there until leah
finds a way to escape when ivan comes back she
asks him to take her to the bathroom she then
opens her bandage four days before the schedule
luckily the operation is successful and she
is happy to have gained her vision back she
quickly goes outside and enters one of the rooms
she is shocked to see many pictures of sarah and
herself on the wall julia leaves the room to look
for leah but sees her body stabbed to the wall
ivan had killed her too terrified she sits down
in the corner crying just then ivan comes into
the room we see his face for the first time it is
splattered with leah's blood julia poses as though
the surgery was unsuccessful and pretends that
she is still blind ivan expresses his love for her
now she is in the kitchen with him
she sees him drugging her cup of tea
julia then replaces her cup of tea with his
ivan doesn't notice but he gets suspicious
he takes her to the freezer and asks her
to open it inside it is the dead body of
real ivan julia gasps giving away that she can
actually see the imposter ivan calls her a liar
he then takes her to sarah's house but julia
manages to run away from him into soledad's house
there she asks her to call the police but ivan
comes in before she can he calls soledad mom
revealing that he is actually her son angel
julia pleads with soledad to call the police
but angel convinces her that he is not a killer
then soledad hits julia on her head with a phone
angel realizes that his mother can see soledad
reminds him he will be nothing without her
this agitates on hell so he chokes her he
wants her to go back to being blind again
he pokes her eyes with a needle when julia wakes
up she is in the basement of sarah's house angel
sits in front of her he has packed all her clothes
and plans to take her away to live with him
as he starts to kiss her julia takes
a knife and stabs him on his legs
she quickly runs out of the basement and locks
him there but she can't get out of the house
she calls the police just as angel breaks the
door julia cuts off all the lights in the house
it is pitch dark angel uses his camera flash
to look for julia and finds her as he tries to
stab her the police come in but they too cannot
see anyone in the dark room julia takes one of
the torchlights from them and shines it to angel
in the corner the shadow finally comes to light
angel cannot handle being looked at by so many
people so he slits his throat killing himself
cut to a few weeks later julia is at the
hospital she finds that the damage to her
new eyes is irreversible as she had been
continuously injected by her fake caretaker
using her last few hours of vision julia says
goodbye to isaac's corpse it is revealed that
he was the one who donated her with his eyes the
movie ends as the camera zooms into julia's eye
now for the explanation sarah and julia both
have a condition called degenerative vision
this causes them to lose their vision
progressively eventually going blind
sarah loses her vision before julia angel has
a fascination for blind girls he calls himself
an invisible man this is a metaphor for him
trying to say that he has no friends or family
no one notices him when he's around because he's
not worth noticing over time angel has developed
the ability to be stealthy and stop victims
efficiently he took care of his mother soledad
for 10 years thinking she was blind soledad
was the only person who he talked to this
filled on hell with resentment towards everyone
who did not notice or care for him however he
fell in love with sarah and then julia according
to him only blind girls could feel his presence
sarah tells her other blind friends at a center
for the blind that she's been dating someone
this person is on hell once she has her eyes
operated she goes with angel to a hotel in
bella vista for a week at this point she has her
eyes bandaged we are not told what circumstances
she meets with angel perhaps he was posing as her
caretaker and his empathy was winning sarah over
angel doesn't want sarah getting her eyesight
back he ensures that he sneaks up on sarah in
the nights and injects her eyes with
chemicals that destroy the optic nerve
the doctor declares that the operation has failed
sarah gets to know that someone is following her
she could feel his presence and
resented him so he killed her
when julia came looking for sarah angel
saw it as another opportunity at love
but julia had her husband always by her side hence
angel killed him as well however the neighbor girl
leah helped julia find out about angel's real
intentions before he could blind julia fully
at the end finally julia makes him visible
to everyone he had always been a lonely man
so when the police officers had their eyes on
him he could not handle it killing himself at
the end that's my explanation for the movie
julia's eyes subscribe for more videos like
this turn on notifications and leave a like
to help the channel out thank you for watching